[azure-typespec-author skill] Consolidate reference documents into one file and remove hard coded task type classification (#15280)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: .github/skills/azure-typespec-author/references/validation.md

# Validation

Run all sub-steps in order after applying changes.

| Sub-step | Action                          | When                       |
| -------- | ------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| 5.1      | `azsdk_run_typespec_validation` | Always                     |
| 5.2      | `tsp compile .`                 | Always                     |

> | 5.3      | Example verification            | API version evolution only |

Author: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/pull/15280#discussion_r3198633141)

### 5.1: TypeSpec Validation

> Invoke `azsdk_run_typespec_validation` with the project root. On failure → fix → re-run until resolved.

Reviewer: should there be any sort of limit here? In case the agent gets very off track with the fixes?

Author: good point, we can limit it as 3 trials for example.

### 5.2: Compile

> Run `tsp compile .` from the project root. Verify `.json` output under `{project-root}/{version-status}/{target-version}/`. Fix compile errors if any.

Reviewer: Should we be a bit more flexible here? Overall I believe everyone should be on folder structure v2 but I wonder if we'll run into exceptions to this rule for a few months. Also, I wonder how well the agent will be by simply looking at the tspconfig.yaml entry, it should simplify the information that needs to be hardcoded into the skill
```suggestion
Run `tsp compile .` from the project root. Verify `.json` output under the directory specified by the `@azure-tools/typespec-autorest` entry in the project's tspconfig.yaml. Fix compile errors if any.
```

Author: updated

> 5.1 checks for errors/warnings; 5.2 generates the OpenAPI output. Both are required.

### 5.3: Example Verification

> Verify `{project-root}/{version-status}/{target-version}/examples/` exists with `.json` files using the correct `api-version`. If missing, copy from the previous version's examples and update `api-version`.

Reviewer: Our tooling doesn't really support examples for xml specs, so there should probably be an exception in those cases.

Author: good point,  similar to this comment: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/pull/15280#discussion_r3151735723

> Verify `{project-root}/{version-status}/{target-version}/examples/` exists with `.json` files using the correct `api-version`. If missing, copy from the previous version's examples and update `api-version`. Skip example verification for XML-based specs, as the tooling does not support examples for XML specifications.

Reviewer: We can address in a separate PR but like in the step above where we're analyzing the swagger based on the path configured in tspconfig.yaml, we should also tell the agent to find the examples based on the examples directory configured in tspconfig.yaml. 

Also, thanks for adding the xml entry :)

Author: Good point, let’s do a follow up pr about example related.
